 Instructions on adding new information to the site

 Prerequisites
 	1. Have Ruby 2.3.3p222 or later installed on your computer
 	2. Have Jekyll 3.4.2 or later
 		-If you don't have jekyll, run 'gem install jekyll' in a bash shell/terminal to download the necessary dependencies.
 	3. Have Bundler 1.14.6
 	  -If you don't have bundler, run 'gem install bundler' in a bash shell or terminal to download the necessary dependencies.

 Adding new featured members/guest artists/board members
 	 1. In company-site/about.md:
 	    1a. Find the list of information that you wish to change(main-staff, other-staff, guest-artists, or board-members)
 	 2. Copy and paste that list's recurring fields (ex. guest-artists only have name and title fields) at the bottom of the respective list.
 	 3. Fill in your respective information in the corresponding blanks (image-path refers to the path in company-site for the image you're trying to associate with that entry and 'bio-url' refers to the url of that person's bio, if they have one.). If no information applies for a given field, leave it blank.
 	 4. Repeat for however many people you need to add.

 Adding new sponsors
 	 1. In company-site/sponsors:
 	 2. Scroll to the bottom of the "sponsors" list
 	 3. Add the name of the new sponsor just like how the other items in the list appear.
 	 4. Repeat for however many people you need to add.

 Adding a new "past production"
   1. In company-site/_productions:
     Create a new document with the naming convention: production_name_YYYY.md
   2. Open up the new file that you just created
   3. Copy/paste this into the new document that you just created:
   
 ---
 layout: production   
 title:  
 dates: 
 location: 
 synopsis:
  
 production:  
 - name:      
   title:
   bio_url:
 - name:      
   title:
   bio_url:
 
 cast:
 - actor:     
   role:    
   actor_bio_url:
 - actor:     
   role:    
   actor_bio_url:
 
 images: 
 - url:
 ---
         
   4. You will need a name, title, bio_url for each member of the production crew AND you will need an actor, role, actor_bio_url for each actor in the performance (if a given person does not have personal bio page, you can remove that key all together)
   5. If you need a visual example of how this should look, you can open up a file that already exists for a different past performance. Make sure the information you plugged into your new file matches the formatting of the other .md files in _performances.
   6. You're done!